Implementation report and CR tweaks (#136)
w3c/baggage: abstract/common-sotd.md

During the Candidate Recommendation stage, the Working Group will audit:

> * the [OpenTelemetry implementations of Baggage](https://opentelemetry.io/ecosystem/distributions/) to make sure they are following the W3C Baggage spec.

Reviewer: The link here is for the third party distributions of OpenTelemetry - I don't think we have a plan to audit such third party distributions - my understanding is that we plan to audit only the official OpenTelemetry Baggage SDKs. Hence, should we update this to the below:

```suggestion
* the [OpenTelemetry implementations of Baggage](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/baggage/api/) to make sure they are following the W3C Baggage spec.
```
